Update funds precheck section (#13)
splitpayments/api-documentation: source/index.html.md

| `approved` | The authoriser has approved the PR. |
| `declined` | The payer has declined the PR. |
| `cancelled` | The initiator has cancelled the PR. |

### Precheck funds lifecycle

Split will automatically check for available funds right before debits are sent to the bank. This check is performed for all contacts with [Instant Account Verification (IAV)](http://help.split.cash/bank-accounts/instant-account-verification-iav).

> However if you want prechecking earlier in the process such as when a Payment Request is approved, there is an optional precheck process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to also precheck available funds before a Payment Request is allowed to be approved, there is an optional precheck attribute as outlined below.
```
